[s add 1]
[s add 2]
[s add 3]
[s require 0 1]
[s start 1]
update 0 to start 1 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
[s add 1]
[s add 2]
[s add 3]
[s require 0 1]
[s require 1 2]
[s start 2]
update 1 to start 2 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
update 0 to start 3 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
[s add 8]
[s add 3]
[s add 5]
[s finish]
update 0 to start 8 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
update 1 to start 3 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
update 2 to start 5 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
 s finishes at 8
[s require 2 0]
[s finish]
update 0 to start 8 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
update 1 to start 3 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
update 2 to start 5 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 2 to start 13 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
 s finishes at 13
[s require 1 0]
[s finish]
update 0 to start 8 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
update 1 to start 3 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
update 2 to start 5 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 2 to start 13 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 1 to start 11 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
 s finishes at 13
[s start 0]
update 2 to start 5 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 1 to start 3 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
[s start 1]
[s start 2]
[s require 2 1]
[s finish]
update 0 to start 8 ago 
pushing 0 to queue
update 1 to start 3 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
update 2 to start 5 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 2 to start 13 ago 
pushing 2 to queue
update 1 to start 11 ago 
pushing 1 to queue
 s finishes at 13
 test 's start 1' return 1 as expected
 test 's start 2' return 3 as expected
 test 's finish' return 8 as expected
 test 's finish' return 13 as expected
 test 's finish' return 13 as expected
 test 's start 0' return 5 as expected
 test 's start 1' return 0 as expected
 test 's start 2' return 0 as expected
 test s finish return unespected 13 expected: 16
